British English Academy.
C2 listening activity.
Course: C2 Mastery English.
Module 5: Critical Synthesis and Expert Production.
Lesson 1: Critical Synthesis and Expert Production: Grammar Lesson 1.
Listen for subtle tone, implication and rhetorical control.
Listen for the target grammar. Notice the form, the meaning, and the example.
Learning objective: Learners can critique, refine, interpret nuance and produce expert-level responses in a grammar task about abstract argument.
Today you will practise language connected to abstract argument.
Target language: register control.
Explanation.
In this lesson you will practise grammar for critical synthesis and expert production. You will learn useful language connected to abstract argument and practise register control. By the end, you should be able to complete a short real-life task and explain your answer clearly at C2 level.